Here I would like to collect problems that are logically equivalent to
Bell test experiments, which thus show that the physics community is,
as a group, airheadedly ignorant of mathematics and logical reasoning.

I mean, you really cannot get that stupid and consider yourself a
scientist. I know people fault me for talking like that, but I was
once that stupid, like everyone else, and it is only by recognizing
how stupid it is that one can appreciate how much one must
overcome. And only by withstanding the charge can one appreciate just
how derelict one has become in one’s duty to science.

If for one moment you entertain the notion that quantum mechanics is
in any way ‘special’, you are completely derelict in your duty as a
scientist. Because it is obviously, plainly, trivially not special.

To wit:

  * Quantum mechanics problems are word problems and so, once written
    down, are problems in applied mathematics.

  * Quantum mechanics methods are mathematical methods that were
    invented out of bits and pieces of mathematics taken from here and
    there. So, TRIVIALLY, they can be reduced to more fundamental
    methods!

  * In any case, mathematics is required to be consistent, and the
    consistency of mathematics requires that all methods reach the
    same solution. THEREFORE ANY METHOD USED MUST REACH THE SAME
    SOLUTION AS QM! Thus Einstein, Podolsky, and Rosen were right, for
    reasons more fundamental and powerful than the reason they
    themselves gave (although their reason, a specific example, was
    sufficient, and never had any argument against it but informal
    fallacies).

    So why do some physicists (most famously Bell and Clauser) come to
    ‘classical solutions’ different from those of QM? The answer is
    simple: THEY DID MATH INCORRECTLY, published the pseudo-math, and
    had their pseudo-math accepted by the physics community. Bell, in
    particular, had not the vaguest clue what he was doing, and merely
    pretended to be doing something that looked a tiny bit as if it
    might be some kind of probability theory.

  * All mathematical problems (including word problems) have
    indefinite numbers of equivalent problems.

For quantum mechanics, the majority of obvious equivalent problems
will be free of quantum mechanics. The purpose of this repository is
to collect some of those problems here. These logically equivalent
problems help free the brain of a person suffering from the IMMENSE
STUPIDITY INDUCED BY AN EDUCATION IN PHYSICS, so they can BECOME
SMART.
